Feature/202409 (En check) (#11)
TOAST-DOCS/Network-Flow-Log: en/console-guide.md

After you click the **Create Flow Log** button, you can set basic information about the flow log. The settings require the following items.

* Name: Enter a name for the flow log.
* Description: Describe the flow log.
* Collect Target: Allow you to select the flow log collection unit. Currently, you can only create `network interface` units. Here you can see a list of network interfaces that exist in your project, and select the one you want to collect.
* Type of Traffic Collected: You can select **Allow**, **Block**, or both. If you select Allow, only packets allowed to **Security Groups** are collected; if you click Block, only blocked packets are collected. If you select both, both allowed and blocked packets are collected and aggregated.

* Collect only connection attempt packets: If checked, packets after the connection is established are not collected. For TCP, packets with the TCP state established are not collected, and for UDP/ICMP, response packets are not collected.

> * Collection Interval: The time interval to aggregate and create statistics through collected packets and create a file in storage. It can be set between 1 minute and 15 minutes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Collection Interval: The time interval to sort the collected packets, generate statistics, and create a file in storage. It can be set between 1 minute and 15 minutes. 
```

* File Storage Path: Currently, only Object Storage is supported. For **Object Storage**, enter the OBS endpoint, AUTH_tenant, container, and path at once.
    * {OBS https endpoint}/{AUTH_OBS_TENANT}/{Container}/{Path}

>     * For example, if the OBS https endpoint is `https://api-storage.cloud.toast.com/v1,` the AUTH_OBS_TENANT is `AUTH_e670167936434f85a03694184000ffe6`, the Container is named `flowlog_container`, and the desired save path is `example/my/folder,` then File Storage Path you need to enter would look like the below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * For example, if the OBS https endpoint is `https://api-storage.cloud.toast.com/v1,` the AUTH_OBS_TENANT is `AUTH_e670167936434f85a03694184000ffe6`, the Container is named `flowlog_container`, and the desired save path is `example/my/folder,` then File Storage Path you need to enter would look like as below.
```
